well the alifa hospital director
Muhammad Abu Salia has been arrested by
the Israeli Army in Gaza a number of
doctors are also among those detained
180 patients remain trapped inside the
largest Medical Facility by Israeli
forces meanwhile the Israeli Army
ordered the evacuation of the Indonesian
Hospital in Northern Gaza within the
next 3 hours on Wednesday about 450
patients moved out of the facility but
200 more remain inside both medical
facilities have been under repeated
attacks by
Israel Abu AUM is in Khan Yunis forest
in the southern part of the Gaza Strip
so T just bring us what more can you
tell us about the situation with those
two
hospitals yes uh both hospitals are
witnessing a very uh serious and even
critical situation as the Israeli troops
are still uh in circling and even in
both significant uh control over the
vicinity of the main to hospitals we're
talking about Indonesian hospital andat
hospital starting first with the
Indonesian Hospital which has been
informed by the occupation forces for
the second time to evacuate the
buildings from the patients medical
workers and even from the displaced
people inside uh in order to be later uh
uh controlled by the Israeli forces now
the majority of doctors and uh uh
displaced people are still inside this
medical complex as they had been
subjected previously to separate Israeli
air strikes which claimed the lives of
12 Palestinians and the number of
medical workers have been also injured
due to these Relentless attacks also
they have multiply been subjected to
Israeli fires by the Israeli uh Isel
soldiers on the ground now uh this
Hospital considered to be the main
Central Hospital that is still uh
operating in the north of the Gaza
alongside with another two uh Central
hospitals and what is really strange
this time is that the arrest of doctors
as Dr Muhammad Abu the director of a
shifat medical complex has been arrested
by the Israeli occupation forces and
even today uh earlier two uh Palestinian
bcts have been also arrested by the
Israeli occupation forces and uh this
gives a clear sign that there is no any
impunity inside the Gaza Strip neither
for medical workers civil defense Crews
and even journalist as the attacks had
reached all classes in the Palestinian
Community meanwhile the sh Hospital uh
has been also under the Israeli uh
control for not more than uh one week
and the situation there is completely
dire as Israel is still even
recommending uh patients and even uh
displaced people to flee to the south of
the territory as also the attacks on the
south on the south did not stop during
the last 24 hours which claimed the
lives of around 200 Palestinians only in
the last 24 hours and tet what's the
mood there among people knowing that
this uh ceasefire has now been
delayed yes uh people inside Gaza Strip
are really desperate and they were
looking for just to a window of hope
that would uh uh relatively mitigate the
situation on the ground as they have
been living under Israeli inter spamming
for around 47 days as uh the uh qat and
Egypt had largely mediated in order to
reach a SE fire and to narrow Maps
between Hamas and Israel they have
delayed the uh the ceasefire till
tomorrow in order to be healed due to
some logistical issues that will be
conducted within the coming hours as the
uh cut reform ministers said that they
are ADV they are reaching very Advanced
uh uh levels in the uh talks with
between both sides in order to release
50 Israeli hostages captured inside Gaza
Strip and in return Israel from its side
were released an number of Palestinians
detained in Israeli jails including
young children and women and what is
really important for Palestinians is
that they see that the humanitarian AIDS
and the flow of the fuel to the
territory will mitigate the inhuman
conditions that they have been
witnessing for more than uh 6 weeks of
fighting and another part of
Palestinians see that they would bring
uh they want to have a real and
significant change in term of having a
longterm ceasefire that guarantee their
return to the houses in the north and in
central areas of Gaza
City T abum in Khan Unice thank
you